So the ad button here calls on ad goal and that basically forwards the goal to app address which is
exactly what we need.
But what we also need to do is we need to make sure that when we add a new goal the motor gets closed.
Now keep in mind that we in the end control the modal visibility from inside the aptly us file because
there we have to is at Mode state which we're changing when we click this button here the ad New Gold
button for example.
And this state value is ad boat is for awarded to goal input where we then use it to control the visibility
of the model.
So in order to make sure that the motor disappears we simply have to change is ad mode again instead
of the app just follow because the new value will then automatically be forwarded to goal input.
So all we have to do is an ad goal handler where we set the course goals.
We also have to set is ad mode to false because we're done adding a little side note the way react works
if you're setting two states after each other.
It will batch these together.
It will not re render the component twice after first change and after the second change instead it
will basically apply all state changes at once and only rearranged the component ones which of course
is good.
Otherwise you would have an unnecessary rerun or cycle there.
And this is simply a nice optimization react does for us so we can absolutely change two different states
after each other like this.
And with that the models should know actually all the disappear if we set this to false let's test it
here on Iaw.
If I add learn react native here click ad this disappears.
Now learn way more dissolve so it works.
They can also still delete items.
Now to test us on Android same procedure as before.
Let's actually restart this on Android
click Add you go and learn react native here click Add and discloses it.
Now let's all learn way more here like this and this all works correctly now two tiny improvements.
I still want to apply for one I want to clear the input once we're done and in addition I want to provide
a cancel button so Dad alternatively instead of adding this We could also cancel here too close to modal
without adding an IDE because right now that's not something we can do.
Let's start with clearing our input here.
After we entered something for that and goal input in the end we have that entered goal and we need
to reset this.
Once we add a new goal now of course we add a new goal when we press that add button and there in the
end we trigger a function which we get with the help of the on ad gold prop.
Now to all the clear our input what we can do here is we can add a function instead of the goal input
component add goal handler or whatever you want to call it.
This is a function which doesn't have to take any argument and in the end it's now this function which
I want to trigger.
So I want to trigger at goal handlers.
So my own function this component now here I want to call props on ad goal without bind.
Here we can just call it like this because when this function runs I want to execute here we're just
passing a pointer at this function without parentheses.
So here we must not have parentheses to not execute this too early here.
We absolutely need parentheses because this only runs Windows function executes and that is when I want
to trigger do you function in my parent component.
So in the app component here and here too on ad goal of course I still want to forward my entered goal
here.
So this state I want to forward this but thereafter I also want to clear it.
So thereafter I'll set set entered.
Goal To an empty string again which will reset the text we entered here.
So that's one thing.
The other thing is a button that allows us to close this for Dad we can add a button here and dad button
could have a title of cancel because that's the end.
What does button should do.
And for.
But it might be nice to not have to default blue color but change that color.
And you can't do this by adding the color prop here.
For example we could set this to red here because red in my opinion is a nice color for a cancel button
if we save this and we test this year on Iowa.
We see the cancel button and ante add button.
And now if I learn react native here and I add this this is added and if I reopen this you see it was
cleared and cancel of course doesn't do anything though because we need to connect cancel 2D app component
where we control the visibility by controlling these is at mode.
So here we can also add another function handler in the app component now cancel goal addition handler
or something like that.
It's a very long name I just want to be clear about what this does and when it's called.
So here we have to cancel goal additional handler and in the end here we can simply set is at mode 2
false which will close the model.
And of course we're not doing anything else.
We're not changing our course goals because we canceled the addition and now we can forward this to
goal item critical input.
So to our component here there we can add on cancel prop the name of that problem of course is up to
you because it's your own prop on your own component.
And I've forward a pointer at cancel goal addition handler 2 on cancel.
And now instead of goal input we can trigger on cancel upon a press of this button.
So here we add on press and we want to trigger props dot on cancel here.
So the function we're receiving on our own cancel prop with that the cancel button should work yeah.
Works just fine.
Now it should also work on Android of course but to test it.
Same procedure as always.
Let's close it and restarted and thereafter.
Let's see if clearing the input works if I enter or learn react native here click Add yep that's empty
and cancel all the works.
Now regarding the styling here on Android it would be nice to have some spacing between the buttons
or actually on both platforms maybe have these buttons sit next to each other.